Add color choosing (#17)
Moosems/TkLineNums: README.md

|master|The parent widget|Tkinter widget (defaults to `tkinter.Misc`)|
|textwidget|The `Text` widget the line numbers will connect to|Tkinter `Text` widget (or child class)|
|justify|The alignment of the line numbers|A string as either `"left"`, `"right"`, or `"center"`|

> |color_provider|A way to provide coloring to the line numbers|A function, tuple, or None that gives the foreground and background colors respecively (None makes it default to using the `Text` widgets coloring|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|color_provider|A way to provide coloring to the line numbers|A function, `(foreground, background)` tuple, or None. None (default) makes it use the `Text` widget's coloring. The function should return a `(foreground, background)` tuple: it will be called whenever the colors are needed, and it is useful when the colors can change.|
```

style = Style()
style.configure("TLineNumbers", background="#ffffff", foreground="#2197db")

#Create a style_provider function that returns the ttk style for the line numbers
def ttk_style_provider():
    fg: str = style.lookup("TLineNumbers", "foreground")
    bg: str = style.lookup("TLineNumbers", "background")

>     return (fg, bg)

Author: At that point just use the tuple 😛

    text.insert("end", f"Line {i+1}\n")

# Create the TkLineNumbers widget and pack it to the left

> linenums = TkLineNumbers(root, text, justify="center", color_provider=("#2197db", "#ffffff"))

Reviewer: IMO it doesn't make sense to call a tuple a "provider". Maybe just rename it to `colors` or something.
